(Gloria) SO WE'RE
GOING TO SANTA BARBARA
TO PICK UP THE BASSINET.
OR WE CAN SAVE FIVE HOURS
AND GO AROUND THE CORNER
TO BABY TOWN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ALL DAY?
JAY!
IT'S FINE, MOM.
NO, IT'S NOT FINE.
TODAY'S MANNY'S BIRTHDAY.
AW, JEEZ. I'M SORRY, KID.
DON'T WORRY.
REUBEN'S FAMILY'S
TAKING ME FOR A BIRTHDAY LUNCH.
YOU SEE?
EVEN THE REUBENS REMEMBERED.
WE'LL BE BACK AT 6:00,
AND WE'RE TAKING YOU TO
A SPECIAL BIRTHDAY DINNER. OKAY?
WE ARE?
JAY!
I'M SORRY, KID.
I WASN'T SORRY.
IT WAS A SETUP.
WE'RE THROWING HIM
A BIG SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY.
AND HE TOTALLY FELL FOR IT,
THE LITTLE JERK.
I MEAN, THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT
OF A SURPRISE PARTY.
YOU TAKE SOMEONE
WHO YOU REALLY LOVE
AND YOU PLAY 'EM LIKE A FOOL.
THAT'S NOT THE WHOLE POINT
OF ALL THIS.
MANNY HAS BEEN FEELING
A LITTLE BIT NEGLECTED,
AND I WANTED TO GIVE HIM
THE MOST SPECIAL DAY.
THIS IS THE LAST BIRTHDAY
THAT IT'S ONLY GOING TO BE
THE THREE OF US.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
THE LITTLE DOPE'S FACE.
...AND THEN THAT
SMUG CAROL CHU WAS ALL,
"YOU CAN'T DIG WITHOUT
AN ENVIRONMENT IMPACT STUDY."
AND THEM I WAS LIKE, "BAM!"
AND I SLAPPED THE STUDY
ONTO CHARLIE'S DESK,
AND CAROL WAS LIKE,
"BUT--BUT--BUT--"
AND THEN I WAS LIKE,
"CHEW ON THAT!"
YOU SAID THAT?
WELL, NOT WITH MY MOUTH.
WITH MY EYES. AND MY SWIVEL.
SO HOW WAS YOUR DAY
AT WORK?
OH, YOU KNOW, FINE.
YEAH?
(bedding rustles)
I'M AN IDIOT.
I KNOW CAM'S BEEN STRUGGLING
SINCE HE WENT BACK TO TEACHING.
THE STUDENTS, THE FACULTY--
NONE OF IT'S CLICKING.
THE LAST THING HE NEEDED
WAS ME GOING ON ABOUT
MY LATEST WORK TRIUMPH.
AND THEN IT GOT WORSE. (sighs)
COME ON, DADDY.
IT'S TIME FOR OUR WEDDING.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
(clenches teeth) OH, LILY AND I
ARE GETTIN' MARRIED.
UH, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHEN SHE PROPOSED,
I THOUGHT IT WAS A LITTLE WEIRD,
BUT THEN I READ IT'S A PHASE
THAT SOME GIRLS GO THROUGH.
SO...
OH, NO, WELL,
I JUST THINK IT'S
THE CUTEST THING EVER. (laughs)
HERE, DAD.
I MADE YOU THIS RING.
AW!
OH!
CUTE, CUTE, CUTE, CUTE,
CUTE, CUTE, CUTE!
(laughs)
DO YOU HAVE A RING FOR ME?
WELL, LILY, IT WOULDN'T BE
A WEDDING WITHOUT A RING.
(gasps)
YAY!
YAY. (singsongy) LOVING THIS!
(chuckles)
DADDY, MOVE.
OKAY, I GUESS I'LL JUST GO SIT
ON THE GROOM'S SIDE.
OH, COME ON, CAM.
IT'S FUN.
OH, IT'S FUN.
IT'S--IT'S SUPER FUN!
YOU FINALLY GOT MARRIED!
HOORAY!
(laughs)
OW!
ARE YOU OKAY, SWEETIE?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?!
UHH!
♪
THIS IS VERY RARE INDEED.
GEEKUS NERDIPITHICUS
IN ITS NATURAL HABITAT,
ALONE AS USUAL.
MINE.
HEY, GIVE IT BACK.
GLORIA ASKED ME TO RECORD
MANNY'S BIRTHDAY. MOM!
ALEX, GIVE IT BACK
TO YOUR BROT--
MM, SORRY. I TRIED TO CARE.
UGH!
THIS IS EVERYTHING I MADE
AT THE BOUTIQUE LAST WEEK.
I'M NOT GONNA HAVE
ANY MONEY LEFT FOR ME.
SHOULD'VE THOUGHT OF THAT BEFORE
YOU GOT THROWN OUT OF SCHOOL.
YOU LIVE HERE, YOU PAY RENT.
YOU USED TO BE FUN.
YOU USED TO BE--WHAT?
OH, YEAH, AT COLLEGE.
UH, HANG ON. WAIT.
GLORIA SAYS THAT
WE ARE SURPRISING MANNY
AT 6:00 TONIGHT,
BUT SHE WANTS US THERE AT 4:00,
WHICH MEANS SHE'S EXPECTING US
TO DO THE SETUP.
I SAY WE LEAVE HERE
AROUND 5:00.
GREAT.
(doorbell rings)
THAT'S KENNY FROM WORK.
OH, I'LL GET IT.
WE'RE GOING TO A STREET FAIR,
SO WE'LL JUST MEET YOU GUYS
AT THE PARTY.
OH. YOU'VE BEEN SPENDING
A LOT OF TIME
WITH THIS KENNY FROM WORK.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
(whispers)
IS IT GETTIN' ROMANTIC?
N--
YEAH...
WELL...
YEAH.
OH!
MOM, THIS IS KENNY.
AND, DAD, YOU ALREADY MET.
UH, YEAH. FIRST OF ALL, KENNY,
SICK PONYTAIL.
OH, THANKS, MAN.
KENNY DESIGNS JEANS
FOR OUR BOUTIQUE.
UH-HUH.
OH! THAT REMINDS ME.
I GOT SOMETHING FOR YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU, A 32-34?
WHAT ARE YOU, 36, 38?
WHAT ARE YOU, IN MY MIND?
PUT 'EM ON YOUR BODY.
WILL DO. WILL DO.
(laughs)
PHIL, HONEY, D--UH--
(singsongy)
KENNY IS KIND OF A BIG DEAL.
WHAT DOES THAT FASHION WEB SITE
CALL YOU AGAIN?
(chuckles) A "JEAN-IUS."
SPELLED LIKE "JEANS."
OH.
MORTIFYING.
AND A "RACK STAR."
OHH. (laughs)
HEY, WHAT WAS THE HEADLINE
AGAIN?
OH, YEAH. "HE'S DENIM-ITE."
WHAT AN EMBARRASSING WEEK
YOU'VE BEEN HAVING.
OOH. YEAH.
MM.
I'M JUST TRYING TO STAY FRESH
CREATIVELY, YOU KNOW?
MADE MY BONES
IN MEN'S APPAREL,
AND NOW I'M WORKING
WITH THESE LOCAL BOUTIQUES...
(bottle fizzes, cap clatters)
JUST TRYING TO GET
INTO GIRLS' JEANS.
PHIL!
THERE'S NO PHIL HERE!
THESE JEANS JUST
SLIPPED ON ME SO PERFECTLY,
MY NAME MUST BE PANTSARELLA.
BOOM! COMFORTABLE, RIGHT?
LIKE A DIAPER!
MM.
WELL, WE SHOULD GET GOING.
OH, YEAH.
(under breath) UM, BUT YOU
WANTED TO SAY... SOMETHING.
OH, YEAH. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
SORRY.
YEAH. OKAY.
UH, LISTEN...
YOU MADE IT SEEM LIKE
YOU HAD JEANS FOR BOTH OF US,
AND CLAIRE HASN'T
GOTTEN HERS YET, SO...
I AM SO SORRY.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
HERE YOU GO.
ENJOY.
KENNY, YOU'RE AMAZING.
NO, MAN.
HAVE FUN.
YOU'RE AMAZING. (laughs)
(laughs)
I LOVE HIM.
PHIL!
YOU THINK HE LIKES ME?
THAT IS A DATE.
THEY'RE GOING ON A DATE.
WHAT?
HE'S PRACTICALLY MY AGE.
OKAY. UH, YEAH,
RIGHT, RIGHT.
AND WHAT MIDDLE-AGED GUY
WOULD BE INTERESTED
IN A YOUNG, ATTRACTIVE,
NEWLY LEGAL WOMAN?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT!
ALL OF THEM.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I WOULDN'T.
REALLY?
HERMIONE GRANGER?
(high-pitched voice) WHAT?
MM-HMM.
I'M JUST A "HARRY POTTER" FAN.
YEAH.
HAS SHE BLOSSOMED
INTO A LOVELY YOUNG LADY?
YES, BUT--LUKE, I'M NEVER
TELLING YOU ANYTHING!
(gasps) OH, MY GOD, JAY!
LOOK HOW BEAUTIFUL!
LOOK AT THIS.
BUT THE BOOKSTORE IS EMPTY.
THAT'S WHY CHINA'S
KICKING OUR ASS.
33!
AY, NO. 59.
WE'RE SO LATE, AND WE STILL
HAVE TO PICK UP THE DRINKS.
EXCUSE ME. I'M TERRIBLY SORRY.
EXCUSE ME.
SIR?
THIS IS MY CAKE RIGHT HERE.
HOW ABOUT I'LL JUST LEAVE MONEY,
I TAKE IT?
SIR, IF I DID FOR YOU,
I'D HAVE TO DO IT FOR EVERYONE.
NOT IF
YOU JUST DID IT FOR ME.
33!
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME. MM.
WE'RE IN A HURRY.
WE HAVE A BIRTHDAY PARTY.
OH, WHY DIDN'T YOU
SAY SOMETHING?
WE DON'T SEE MANY OF THOSE
AROUND HERE.
YOU THINK YOU CAN INTIMIDATE ME
WITH THAT ATTITUDE?
WHAT DO I LOOK LIKE TO YOU?
34!
THANK YOU, BUT THE POINT IS
THAT MY SON IS WAITING IN--
GLORIA, IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
WE DON'T NEED THESE PEOPLE.
JAY, WE NEED--
COME ON.
WE'LL GET A BETTER CAKE.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
HOW ARE WE GONNA--
I'VE GOT IT COVERED.
EXCUSE ME, MISS?
I'M SORRY I RAISED MY VOICE
IN THERE,
ESPECIALLY
IN FRONT OF THE BABY.
I KNOW HOW DELICATE
THEY CAN BE.
OH, YOU'RE SO NICE
TO SAY THAT,
BUT YOU KNOW THEY'RE STURDIER
THAN YOU THINK.
YEAH.
IN FACT, EVERY DAY I LEARN
THESE LITTLE MIR--
YEAH, TAKE CARE NOW.
(laughs)
HEY, HONEY.
DADDY, WHAT'S IN THE BAG?
(door closes)
OH, IT'S A PRESENT
FOR MANNY,
AND I ALSO GOT YOUR OTHER DADDY
A LITTLE SOMETHING
'CAUSE HE'S BEEN
FEELING DOWN TODAY.
HOW'S YOUR EYE, SWEETIE?
OH, IT'S FINE.
IT'S JUST A SCRATCH.
LET'S GO THIS WAY, HONEY.
OH, CAM, ARE YOU WEARING A SUIT
TO MANNY'S BIRTHD--
OH, WOW.
LET'S GET
YOUR HOSPITAL BAND OFF.
I LIKE IT.
OKAY, THAT CAN BE
YOUR "SOMETHING BLUE" THEN.
CAM?
(Mendelssohn's "Wedding March"
playing)
DADDY, I WANNA DRIVE MY CAR.
A CAR? OH. A CAR.
JUST A SECOND, SWEETIE.
OKAY, DOES ANYONE KNOW A REASON
WHY THESE TWO SHOULDN'T BE WED?
SHE'S MY WIFE.
OKAY, SO BY THE POWER
VESTED IN ME
BY THE STATE OF CANDY LAND...
AND UTAH.
I NOW PRONOUNCE YOU
HUSBAND AND WIFE.
DADDY, I WANNA PLAY
WITH MY CAR NOW.
OKAY. OF COURSE.
YES, SWEETIE.
BUT REMEMBER, WE HAVE TO
WALK DOWN THE RECEIVING LINE.
(chuckles)
OH.
OH! WHAT A TURNOUT.
(starts engine)
(cans rattling)
THERE SHE GOES.
YOU GOT HER A CAR?
I CAN'T HELP IT THAT
YOU SKIMPED ON YOUR WEDDING.
OKAY, LOOK, I-I KNOW WHAT'S
UNDERNEATH ALL THIS, ALL RIGHT?
RIGHT NOW IN YOUR LIFE,
YOU'RE FEELING,
YOU KNOW, VERY--
NO.
PLEASE DO NOT TURN ME MARRYING
MY DAUGHTER INTO SOMETHING UGLY.
LILY IS HAVING
THE TIME OF HER--
(crash, car horn blaring)
OW!
CAM!
OH, PLEASE.
DO NOT BLAME ME.
WE ALWAYS KNEW THERE WAS
A STRONG POSSIBILITY
SHE'D BE A TERRIBLE DRIVER.
I KNOW WE'RE RUNNING LATE,
CLAIRE. WE'LL BE THERE SOON.
JUST START SETTING UP. WHAT DO
YOU MEAN, "SURPRISE, SURPRISE"?
HANG ON. I'VE GOTTA GO.
YOU TAKE CARE.
AY. UGH!
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
JAY, I CAN'T FIND
THE PARKING TICKET.
CALM DOWN.
EVERYTHING'S GONNA BE FINE.
(sighs)
OH, GOOD.
IT'S A MALE ATTENDANT.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
HOW WOULD YOU GET OUT OF
THIS SITUATION IF I WASN'T HERE?
MM!
HEY, PAL,
MY HOUSEKEEPER FORGOT
HER TICKET.
YOU'RE GOING TO NEED TO BACK UP,
GO UP TO THE THIRD LEVEL,
AND FIND THE PAY STATION.
AY, YOU CAN'T JUST LET US GO?
I KNOW I PUT IT SOMEWHERE HERE
BUT I CANNOT FIND IT NOW.
PAY STATION. THIRD LEVEL.
MAYBE YOU CAN LET US GO NOW,
AND THEN NEXT TIME
I DO YOU TWO TIMES?
THE ONLY WAY YOU'RE GOING
TO GET OUT
IS TO GO BACK
TO THE PAY STATION.
ACTUALLY,
THERE IS ANOTHER WAY.
(revs engine)
(Gloria) AAH!
YOU OKAY?
(laughs) LET'S DRIVE THROUGH
SOMETHING ELSE!
(laughs)
(laughs) LET'S DRIVE THROUGH
SOMETHING ELSE!
(laughs)
DELECTABLE REFRESHMENTS,
EXCITED CLASSMATES,
AND WHAT'S THIS?
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SIGHT OF ALL?
GO AWAY!
(door opens)
HE'S OLD. SHE'S YOUNG.
IT'S GROSS.
HONEY, NOTHING'S HAPPENING.
YOUNG PEOPLE SEEK OUT
OLDER MENTORS ALL THE TIME.
WHEN I WAS 17,
I WAS REALLY CLOSE
WITH MY FRIEND STACY'S MOM.
MRS. ROBINSON WAS
A FORMER CHEERLEADER,
SO SHE KNEW JUST HOW TO
MASSAGE MY LEGS AFTER PRACTICE.
SHE HAD HER OWN HOMEMADE BENGAY
THAT DIDN'T BURN
NO MATTER WHERE SHE RUBBED IT
ON ME.
IF I HAD THE CHANCE
TO GO OVER THERE,
I NEVER MISSED
AN OPPORTUNITY.
I THINK MAYBE YOU DID.
(door opens)
OH, I FORGOT THE PRESENT
IN THE CAR.
OH. ALL RIGHT. I'M GONNA GO TAKE
A SQUIRT WHILE YOU GRAB IT.
OH! HEY! (laughs)
OH, MY... (laughs)
I KNOW!
I LOVE US!
IT'S CRAZY! MWAH!
MMM!
(retreating footsteps)
(door closes)
I'M GONNA FIGHT HIM.
PHIL.
NO, CLAIRE, I'M GONNA
FIGHT HIM UP REAL NICE.
HOW ABOUT YOU START
WITH A THREAT?
(growls)
HEY, CLAIRE, UM,
COULD YOU HELP ME WITH THIS?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. YEAH.
YOU GOTTA GO AROUND
THE OTHER SIDE.
I NEED TO KEEP MY EYES
ON PHIL.
OOH, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
HE'S ABOUT TO DROP THE HAMMER
ON HALEY'S NEW BOYFRIEND.
HE'S TWICE HER AGE,
AND IT'S DISGUSTING.
YEAH, REMINDS ME
OF A CERTAIN MANAGER
AT THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY
THAT YOU DATED.
OH. TODD.
MM.
HE HAD A CAMARO...
AND POWER.
UGH! HE WAS NASTY. YOU JUST
DID IT TO GET A RISE OUT OF DAD.
YEAH, WELL, LOOK HOW WELL
THAT WORKED OUT.
IT DIDN'T BOTHER DAD AT ALL,
AND THEN I WAS STUCK WITH A GUY
WHO SMELLED LIKE POTATO SKINS
AND SAID "SUPPOSABLY."
WELL, YOU HAVE TO ADMIT, DAD
PLAYED THAT PRETTY BRILLIANTLY.
YOU KNOW, AFTER A FEW WEEKS,
YOU GOT BORED WITH HIM,
AND THEN YOU DUMPED HIM.
I DID.
I DUMPED HIM UP REAL NICE.
MM-HMM.
(whispers) PHIL.
CLAIRE. OH, COME ON.
PHIL, YOU CAN'T SAY ANYTHING
TO KENNY.
WHAT?
NO.
I KNOW WHY HALEY
IS DOING THIS.
SHE'S DOING IT TO GET BACK
AT YOU FOR BEING SO HARD ON HER.
I DID THE SAME THING
TO MY DAD.
FIRST OF ALL,
I'M NOT YOUR DAD.
AND DO YOU THINK I'M JUST
GONNA LET THIS HAPPEN?
TRUST ME.
THE MORE IT BOTHERS YOU,
THE LONGER HE STAYS.
THE MORE WE IGNORE IT...
(chuckles)
UP TOP, DAD!
YEAH! NAILED IT.
THE SOONER WILLIE NELSON'S
ON THE ROAD AGAIN.
(lowered voice)
I'M SO CONFLICTED.
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
MAKES SENSE UP HERE,
BUT IT'S NOT WHAT
I WANNA DO HERE.
AND I JUST FEEL
SO DAMN COMFORTABLE DOWN HERE.
I FORGOT TO TELL YA
I PUT THAT IN THE TRUNK.
OH, I KNOW. I HAD TO REACH
UNDER YOUR JEANS.
OH!
(both) AAH! (laughs)
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT!
WE'RE SO CRAZY!
IT'S ADORABLE! MMM!
(Kenny) MMM.
(Haley) WANNA SEE OUTSIDE?
(balloon pops)
YEAH.
(Kenny laughs)
SWEETIE, I BROUGHT YOU A COOKIE.
MMM.
I ATE AT THE EMERGENCY ROOM.
OH. YOU WORKED THAT IN
SEAMLESSLY.
OH, COME ON. IT WAS--
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
STOP BEATING YOURSELF UP.
HEY, LET'S GO MINGLE.
NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
SOME OF MY STUDENTS ARE HERE,
AND I'M JUST--
I'M NOT IN THE MOOD.
(sighs) ALL RIGHT.
CAM, WE'RE GONNA TALK ABOUT
THIS. I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON.
YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY GOING THROUGH
SOMETHING AT SCHOOL.
YOU'RE STRUGGLING, AND I HAVE
JUST MADE THINGS WORSE
BY BRAGGING ABOUT WHAT A HERO
I'VE BEEN AT WORK RECENTLY.
AND IT--IT'S--
IT'S NOT A COMPETITION.
YOU KNOW, MY VICTORIES
ARE YOUR VICTORIES.
YOUR DEFEATS ARE MY DEFEATS.
(girl) HEY, MR. TUCKER!
(boy) THERE HE IS!
(plays note)
(harmonizing)
♪ BOW ACROSS A CELLO STRING ♪
♪ PIANO KEYS A-HAMMERIN' ♪
♪ HAMMERIN' ♪
♪ VOICES RAISED IN HARMONY ♪
♪ FOR OUR DEAR OL' CAMERON ♪
WE LOVE YOU, MR. TUCKER!
WE LOVE YOU!
YOU'RE THE BEST!
BYE!
(blows kiss)
HE'S--YEAH.
YEAH, IT'S BEEN A NIGHTMARE.
AND THANK YOU FOR ASSUMING
I'M TERRIBLE AT MY JOB.
(pats chair back)
(high-pitched voice) NO.
(normal voice) UM...
HEY, EVERYBODY.
SORRY WE'RE LATE.
WE GOT CAUGHT DOING
A BUNCH OF STUFF.
OR NOT DOING A BUNCH OF STUFF.
(sighs) OKAY, MANNY IS
GOING TO BE HERE SOON,
SO LET'S GO OVER THE PLAN.
WHEN WE HEAR HIM COMING,
WE TURN OFF THE LIGHT.
THEN WHEN HE COMES IN
AND TURNS IT ON,
WE ALL SCREAM "SURPRISE!"
YOU GOT A PEN?
I WANNA WRITE THIS DOWN.
HE'S COMING UP THE DRIVEWAY!
(gasps) HE'S HERE EARLY!
HURRY UP!
(switch clicks)
(Gloria) HURRY! HURRY!
(Jay) SHH, SHH, SHH, SHH.
QUICK. I DON'T WANT
THE NEIGHBORS TO SEE US.
YOU'RE SURE WE'RE ALONE?
YEAH. THEY'RE NOT HOME
TILL 6:00.
GOOD, 'CAUSE I WANTED TO
GIVE YOU YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
(kiss)
ACTUALLY, I'D LIKE TO SEE
YOUR FACE.
(switch clicks)
AAH!
IT'S HARSH, I KNOW. I BEGGED
THEM TO PUT IN A DIMMER.
NO!
(door closes)
(flatly) SURPRISE.
MANNY, WE'RE SO SORRY.
WE DIDN'T MEAN TO--
WHAT? RUIN THE GREATEST MOMENT
OF MY LIFE?!
THANKS AGAIN, MOM!
AY!
AND THE SURPRISED BECOMES
THE SURPRISER.
THIS PARTY HAD EVERYTHING.
(Gloria) MANNY?
MANNY, PLEASE COME OUT.
UNLESS YOU'RE HERE TO CUT
A FOOD SLOT ON MY DOOR,
YOU CAN LEAVE NOW.
(sighs) NOBODY'S GOING
TO MAKE FUN OF YOU.
KIDS MAKE FUN OF YOU
IF YOU GET A HAIRCUT.
I JUST GAVE THEM
A FULL-BLOWN SEX SCANDAL.
NO, EVERYBODY'S SO EXCITED TO
CELEBRATE WITH... YOU.
(groans)
AY, NO.
THE BABY WAS READY,
BUT I WAS NOT.
IT WAS BAD ENOUGH THAT MANNY
HAD TO SHARE HIS MOTHER.
I COULDN'T LET HIM SHARE
A BIRTHDAY, TOO.
(strained voice)
YOU STAY IN THERE!
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED ME
TO COME OUT.
I DO! I DO! COME OUT!
WE STOLE YOU A BEAUTIFUL
BIRTHDAY... (groans) CAKE.
GLORIA, TAG OUT.
LET ME GIVE IT A SHOT.
(strained voice)
YES, YOU FIX IT.
LOOK, I'M NOT GONNA SUGARCOAT
THIS, KID. THAT WAS ROUGH.
GO AWAY!
BUT THERE'S AN UPSIDE.
THE BEST THING
ABOUT KISSING A GIRL
IS YOU GET
TO TELL YOUR FRIENDS.
THE PROBLEM IS,
THEY NEVER BELIEVE YOU.
BUT YOU HAD WITNESSES.
HA! WE'RE GONNA BE TALKING ABOUT
THIS ONE FOR YEARS TO COME,
AREN'T WE?
YOU SAID IT, KENNY.
MANNY SEEMS TO ME LIKE A--
LIKE A REAL OLD SOUL.
KENNY IS AMAZING
AT TELLING THE AGE OF A SOUL.
(Claire) MM-HMM.
AW! THANKS, BABE.
OH!
(chuckles)
AGE IS NOTHIN'
BUT A STATE OF MIND, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, I'M PROBABLY MORE OF
A 14-YEAR-OLD THAN HE IS, AND...
MM-HMM.
(laughs) BELIEVE ME,
I KNOW 14-YEAR-OLDS.
(Haley) HE HAS
A 14-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER.
OH. YEAH.
OH, COOL!
OH, HONEY! YOU DON'T HAVE TO
DO THAT. THEY HAVE A GARDENER.
(lowered voice)
TRUST ME ON THIS.
(lowered voice) I WANT TO,
BUT YOU'RE JUST SO WRONG
ABOUT SO MANY THINGS.
JUST KEEP PRACTICING.
(mouths word)
HEY, CAM, I-I'M SO SORRY
THAT I INSULTED YOU EARLIER.
I THOUGHT THAT THERE WAS
SOMETHING GOING ON AT WORK,
AND, UGH,
OBVIOUSLY, I WAS WRONG.
WELL, YOU'RE WRONG AGAIN.
IT IS ABOUT WORK.
THIS IS A FUN GAME.
I DIDN'T BRING IT UP BEFORE
BECAUSE I WAS EMBARRASSED.
BUT YESTERDAY WAS THE BEST DAY
I'VE HAD AT WORK YET.
I CLICKED WITH THE STUDENTS,
THE TEACHERS.
I FINALLY FELT
LIKE I BELONGED.
I GET IT.
YOU COULDN'T POSSIBLY GET IT.
I'M IN THE MIDDLE OF MY STORY.
I'M SORRY.
EVERY DAY AT 2:30,
I CALL LILY,
AND WE DUNK
A COOKIE TOGETHER.
AND YESTERDAY...
I FORGOT.
FORGOT MY OWN DAUGHTER.
AND OBVIOUSLY,
SHE RESENTS ME FOR IT.
IT'S WHY SHE ASKED YOU
TO MARRY HER, TO GET BACK AT ME.
OKAY, HERE I-I NEED
TO POINT OUT THAT SHE'S 5
AND NOT A CHARACTER
FROM "DYNASTY."
AND AS MUCH AS I TRY
TO CONNECT WITH HER,
I JUST KEEP MAKING IT WORSE.
MAYBE YOU'RE JUST
TRYING TOO HARD.
EVERYBODY, COME IN!
MANNY'S COMING...
(groans) DOWN.
SOMEBODY PICK UP THAT TOWEL
BEFORE SOMEONE TRIPS.
DADDY!
DADDY'S COMING!
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?!
(crickets chirping)
OKAY, EVERYBODY. SO...
WE SING, THEN PRESENTS,
THEN CAKE.
THAT'S
A COLOMBIAN TRADITION.
AND WE DO NOT SPEAK
OF WHAT HAPPENED BEFORE.
NOBODY SAW ANYTHING.
THAT'S ANOTHER
COLOMBIAN TRADITION.
HERE HE IS,
THE MAN OF THE HOUR!
(all) ♪ HAPPY-- ♪
♪ HAPPY... ♪ (groans)
GLORIA, YOU OKAY?
NO, I'M FINE! I'M FINE.
HAP--AAH! AAH!
NO WAY! SHE PEED!
HER WATER BROKE!
(boys laugh)
SO FAR,
14's NOT MY FAVORITE AGE.
NO, IT'S NOTHING!
KEEP SINGING! KEEP SINGING!
(all) ♪ HAP-- ♪
HAP... AY! STOP IT!
WE'RE GONNA POP ON OVER
TO THE HOSPITAL.
PIZZA'S ON THE WAY.
YOU THINK ABOUT IT,
RUN A MOP OVER THIS AREA?
AY, MANNY!
I'M SO SORRY, OKAY?
AND THE BIRTHDAY VIDEO BECOMES
A NATURE FILM.
(whispers) LUKE, COME ON.
(high-pitched scream
in distance)
OH, MY GOSH!
IT'S HAPPENING!
(high-pitched scream)
AY. AY, MANNY,
I AM SO SORRY ABOUT TODAY.
I JUST WANTED YOU TO HAVE
A HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
AND SPEAKING OF BIRTH--
(groans) DAYS...
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM.
I'M NOT LETTING THIS BABY OUT
BEFORE MIDNIGHT.
THIS IS YOUR DAY.
I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU SHARE IT
EVERY YEAR, OKAY?
MOM, LOOK.
YEAH, I'VE FELT
A LITTLE NEGLECTED LATELY,
BUT I'VE HAD YOU TO MYSELF
FOR 14 YEARS.
THAT MAKES ME A LITTLE SAD.
OH, PLEASE. IF WE HAD ACTUALLY
FORGOTTEN HIS BIRTHDAY,
HE'D BE OUT RIGHT NOW
KISSING A CUTE BRUNETTE.
THINGS WORK OUT.
YOU KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU
NO MATTER WHAT?
YOU'RE TRYING TO HOLD
ANOTHER PERSON INSIDE OF YOU
TO SPARE MY FEELINGS.
MESSAGE RECEIVED.
MM. OOH, THAT'S A STRONG GRIP.
AH, THAT'S A--THAT'S A--
THAT'S A--OHH, GEEZ!
OOH! OOH.
(Jay screaming
in high-pitched voice)
AH, SHE'S GETTIN' CLOSE.
SHE'S AT, LIKE,
8 BEAUTIFUL CENTIMETERS.
(lid pops)
HEY. I DON'T THINK
WE'VE MET. I'M KENNY.
HI. I'M DISGUSTED.
(Kenny laughs)
MITCHELL, SHE WON'T EVEN
LOOK AT ME.
WELL, SHE CAN'T REALLY
LOOK AT ANYONE.
OH! LOOK WHO'S BACK...
AGAIN.
WHAT HAPPENED THIS TIME?
HE THREW ME IN THE POOL.
UH--
(chuckles) OH, NO.
NO, THAT'S NOT WHAT HAPPENED.
(laughs) IT KIND OF IS.
(stammers) LUKE, COME ON.
WE DON'T NEED TO RELIVE IT.
DADDY!
OH, LOOK AT THIS.
I'M COMING! DADDY'S COMING!
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?!
MITCHELL.
WHEN SHE FELL IN THE POOL,
SHE SCREAMED FOR DADDY.
SHE CALLS YOU "DAD."
SHE CALLS ME "DADDY."
SHE GOT SCARED,
AND SHE CALLED OUT FOR ME.
SEE?
I GUESS DADDY WAS
WORRYING ABOUT NOTHING.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
I CAN BE SILLY SOMETIMES.
YOU'RE ALWAYS SILLY.
NO, YOU'RE SILLY.
NO, YOU'RE ALWAYS SILLY.
(thud)
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
THE CONTRACTIONS ARE COMING
A LITTLE BIT CLOSER.
I THINK WE HAVE TO CALL
FOR A NURSE.
NO, NO, JAY! NO, PLEASE!
I'M SORRY.
FOR WHAT?
(sighs deeply)
I DON'T KNOW YET,
BUT I KNOW THAT BABIES
MAKE MOTHERS CRAZY.
(voice breaking) AND I'M GOING
TO BE MAKING MISTAKES,
AND THE I'M GOING TO BE
BLAMING YOU.
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME.
YOU'RE A LITTLE EMOTIONAL
RIGHT NOW.
(sighs) BUT IT'S BEEN SO LONG
FOR ME,
AND A HUNDRED YEARS FOR YOU.
ARE WE STILL GOING TO BE GOOD
AT THIS?
IT'S GONNA BE AN ADVENTURE,
BUT THAT'S WHAT
YOU AND I DO BEST.
LOOK AT TODAY.
I CAN'T EVER REMEMBER
HAVING MORE FUN WITH YOU.
I'M SO LUCKY.
(sobs)
NOW GET OUT.
BUT I THOUGHT
YOU WANTED ME TO--
NO, NOT YOU.
GET OUT!
(humming)
(giggles)
(Haley and Kenny laugh)
HEY. LET'S GO.
OH, RIGHT. UM...
HEY, GUYS?
SO KENNY AND I WERE THINKING
ABOUT GOING TO THIS RESTAURANT.
OH, SURE. I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THAT. DO YOU, PHIL?
NO.
IN FACT, IT HAS BEEN
SUCH A PLEASURE
GETTING TO KNOW KENNY,
IT'S OUR TREAT.
(gasps) ARE YOU KIDDING?
NO!
GIVE THEM
YOUR CREDIT CARD, PHIL.
ALSO, UH, THIS RESTAURANT
IS PRETTY FAR AWAY,
SO WE MIGHT BE OUT LATE.
WELL, SWEETHEART, YOU ARE
ONLY YOUNG ONCE. (chuckles)
OH, MIGHT EVEN MAKE SENSE
TO JUST STAY IN A HOTEL.
OKAY.
PUT IT ON THE PLASTIC!
(elevator bell dings,
doors open)
GREAT!
(singsongy) OKAY.
SEE YOU TOMORROW!
BUH-BYE.
(beep)
UGH. IT'S MY EX-WIFE--
NOT THE GOOD ONE.
(bell dings)
WHAT DO YOU WANT?!
(doors close)
NICE GAME OF CHICKEN, CLAIRE.
SHE'S GONE!
SHE IS COMING BACK.
I AM ALMOST POSITIVE.
ALMOST?!
MM-HMM!
WHY DO I LISTEN TO YOU? WHY?
YOU WERE WRONG ABOUT
THE iPod BEING A FAILURE.
TOMATO BEING A VEGETABLE.
(elevator bell dings)
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO TALK ABOUT
YOUR FAVORITE "PLANET" PLUTO!
AND UNLESS SHE WAS LYING TO
THE GOOD LADIES OF "THE VIEW,"
IT'S "DE-MI," NOT "DEM-MI"!
(bell dings)
YOU WERE GOING TO LET ME GO
WITH HIM?!
ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU WANTED,
HONEY?
(sighs) WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?!
YOU'VE BEEN ACTING SO WEIRD
EVER SINCE I LEFT COLLEGE!
FOR THE RECORD,
YOU DIDN'T LEAVE COLLEGE.
YOU WERE ASKED TO LEAVE.
OH, WHICH YOU GUYS NEVER
LET ME FORGET, ESPECIALLY DAD.
HONEY, YOUR FATHER--
OH, YOU DON'T HAVE TO TELL ME
WHAT HE THINKS, OKAY?
I'M A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT
TO HIM.
I SEE IT ON HIS FACE
EVERY DAY.
HE ACTS AS IF HE DOESN'T EVEN
WANT ME AROUND.
(bell dings)
GIVE ME THE TICKET
FOR THE CAR.
PHIL--
NO, I'M GOING AFTER HER!
THIS LITTLE CHICKEN GAME
MAY WORK FOR YOU DAD,
BUT IT DOESN'T WORK FOR ME.
THAT'S MY LITTLE GIRL.
I NEED HER TO KNOW
THAT NO GUY ON EARTH
IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR HER,
LET ALONE SOME SLIMY,
MIDDLE-AGED JEAN SALESMAN!
WHAT'S THIS?
JUST ENJOY IT.
THERE'S ALL KINDS
OF MILESTONES IN LIFE,
THE KIND YOU EXPECT
TO LIVE THROUGH--
THE FIRST KISS.
BIRTHDAYS...
GRADUATIONS.
IF YOU'RE LUCKY,
A WEDDING OR TWO.
(all speaking inaudibly)
OR EVEN A NEW ADDITION
TO THE FAMILY.
AND THEN THERE'S THE KIND
YOU NEVER DREAMED YOU'D GET
TO LIVE THROUGH AGAIN.
SO ADORABLE!
(speaks indistinctly)
(Mitchell) SO SWEET!
(Phil) OH, MY GOODNESS!
OHH!
(Cameron chuckles)
(Phil) LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S PERFECT!
(girls squeal)
(Claire) AW!
(laughs)
(Claire) LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S SO CUTE!
AND THAT'S THE
BEST KIND OF ALL.
(fusses)
WHY AM I SPOILING IT
FOR YOU?
YOU'LL SEE FOR YOURSELF.
OH, WAS IT DIFFICULT?
AY, SI.
IT WAS THE MOST PAINFUL
20 MINUTES OF MY LIFE.
MNH.
OH, WELL, LOOK AT THAT!
YOU'RE SKINNY AGAIN.
YEAH.
SO WAIT. HE--HE'S MY UNCLE?
NO. HE'S
YOUR HALF-BROTHER-IN-LAW.
HE'S OUR UNCLE.
HALF-UNCLE OR FULL UNCLE?
WHAT'S A FULUNCLE?
OKAY, SO DON'T FEEL LIKE
YOU GOTTA STICK AROUND.
OKAY. WE'LL SEE YOU
TOMORROW THEN.
OKAY, WE'LL BE BACK TOMORROW.
(Alex) BYE, UNCLE.
CONGRATS.
(Haley) BYE.
(Phil) HE'S ADORABLE!
(Gloria speaks indistinctly)
IS HE?
I DON'T LIKE THIS ONE BIT.
WE'LL TALK.